[ECHOING IN]
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE...
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
HURRY UP!
THE DUEL'S ABOUT TO START!
IT'S BEING BROADCAST LIVE
ALL AROUND THE WORLD!
Yami Yugi: REMEMBER
OUR DEAL, DEVLIN.
I WIN THIS,
AND YOU LET JOEY GO.
NO MORE DOG SUIT,
NO MORE DEMANDS.
AGREED...
JUST DON'T FORGET
THE FLIP SIDE TO THAT COIN.
YOU LOSE THIS GAME,
AND YOU PROMISE
TO NEVER PLAY DUEL MONSTERS,
EVER AGAIN.
NOW LET'S GET IT ON!
LOOKS A BIT DIFFERENT
THAN A DUELING ARENA, HUH?
WELL, GET USED TO IT.
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS
IS WHOLE NEW GAME
WITH A WHOLE NEW
SET OF RULES,
AND TO KEEP UP,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO PAY
CLOSE ATTENTION. HA HA HA!
DON'T YOU WORRY.
I'M A QUICK STUDY.
YOU BETTER BE, YUGI,
BECAUSE I KNOW THIS GAME
INSIDE AND OUT,
AND IF YOU WANT TO WIN,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO LEARN IT AS WELL.
NOW LET'S GET STARTED.
Yugi, thinking: HMM.
LOOKS PRETTY STRAIGHTFORWARD.
WHOA!
LOST ALREADY? RELAX.
I'LL WALK YOU THROUGH IT.
THAT'S YOUR DICE POOL.
SELECT 15 DICE FROM IT
TO USE FOR THE GAME.
I'D GIVE YOU SOME TIPS
ON WHICH TO PICK, YUGI,
BUT BEING THE MASTER GAMER
THAT YOU ARE,
I'M SURE YOU'LL
FIGURE IT OUT.
[THINKING]
HMM. WITH ALL THESE
DIFFERENT
COLORS AND DESIGNS,
IT'S HARD TO KNOW
WHICH ONES TO CHOOSE.
HURRY UP, NOW.
I GOT MINE ALREADY SET.
I'M READY, TOO.
GOOD. NOW HERE'S
HOW IT WORKS.
THESE DICE ARE GONNA BE
KIND OF LIKE YOUR DUELLING DECK,
AND JUST LIKE
YOU SHUFFLE YOUR DECK,
WE SHUFFLE THESE,
LIKE THIS.
SEE? EASY.
THE DICE AUTOMATOR
WILL RANDOMIZE YOUR 15 DICE
IN GROUPS OF 3.
TAKE A LOOK.
YOU GET 3 DICE PER ROUND.
YOU ROLL ALL 3
AT THE SAME TIME,
AND THEN YOU GET
TO MAKE YOUR MOVE,
DEPENDING ON WHAT
YOU ROLLED.
BUT I'LL EXPLAIN
MORE ABOUT THAT A BIT LATER.
NOW, TAKE THE 3 DIE
OUT OF THE AUTO HATCH.
OK. NOW HOW DO YOU SCORE?
WELL, IN THIS GAME,
WE HAVE HEART POINTS.
THEY'RE LIKE LIFE POINTS,
ONLY YOU ONLY GET 3--
THAT'S IT--
AND WHOEVER LOSES ALL 3
OF THEIR HEARTS FIRST IS OUT.
HMM.
GAME ON!
WHAT GAME ON?
BUT YUGI JUST NOW
LEARNED THE RULES.
YEAH, THAT'S PROBABLY
JUST HOW DUKE LIKES IT.
GO!
DUKE!
THANKS, LADIES.
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
[ALL CHEER]
MAN, WHAT A BUNCH
OF SUCK-UPS.
NO YAPPING,
YOU MUTT!
THIS IS A DUEL,
NOT A DOG SHOW!
AHH!
OHH...UNH...
I'M GONNA MAKE
MY FIRST ROLL NOW, YUGI,
SO FROM HERE ON OUT
YOU'RE JUST GONNA HAVE
TO LISTEN CAREFULLY
AND LEARN AS WE GO.
UNH!
SEE THOSE MARKINGS THERE?
THOSE ARE CALLED CRESTS.
DIFFERENT CRESTS
DO DIFFERENT THINGS.
TAKE THAT GREEN DIE,
FOR EXAMPLE.
THAT STAR CREST I JUST ROLLED
IS FOR SUMMONING.
TO BE ABLE
TO SUMMON SOMETHING,
AT LEAST 2 OUT OF THE 3 DICE
THAT YOU ROLL DURING YOUR TURN
HAVE TO LAND
WITH THE SAME TYPE
SUMMON CREST FACE UP.
AND IF I'M NOT MISTAKEN,
IT SEEMS I'VE COME UP
WITH 2 MATCHING
SUMMONING CRESTS
ON MY VERY FIRST ROLL
OF THE GAME!
NOW THE DIMENSIONALIZING
PART OF THE PROCESS.
DIMENSION THE DICE!
AND THERE YOU GO:
RYUKISHIN!
MY VERY FIRST MONSTER
IS ON THE BOARD.
THE MONSTERS
ARE INSIDE THE DICE?
AND THAT'S NOT ALL.
IT LOOKS LIKE
THE DICE THEMSELVES
ARE PART OF THE GAME!
I'M GLAD THAT YOU
MADE THAT POINT,
MY LITTLE
CHEERLEADER-IN-WAITING.
THAT'S ONE
OF THE KEY ELEMENTS
TO DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS.
FOR, YOU SEE,
ONCE A DIE UNFOLDS
TO DIMENSIONALIZE
A MONSTER,
IT BECOMES
A DUNGEON PATHWAY,
AND WITH ENOUGH
OF THIS DUNGEON PATHWAY,
I CAN CONSTRUCT A ROUTE--
A ROUTE MY MONSTERS CAN USE
TO GET TO YOUR HEART POINTS.
[THINKING]
OH, I GET IT.
THE WAY TO DESTROY
YOUR OPPONENT'S
HEART POINTS
IS TO GET
YOUR MONSTERS
CLOSE ENOUGH
TO ATTACK
THE HEARTS DIRECTLY.
SO THE MORE DICE
THAT I CAN
DIMENSIONALIZE
AND TURN
INTO DUNGEON PATH,
THE BETTER!
SOUNDS
SIMPLE ENOUGH.
HMM.
GO AHEAD, YUGI.
IT'S YOUR TURN.
DEVLIN,
DON'T YOU FORGET:
IF I WIN THIS,
THEN YOU HAVE TO GIVE
MY FRIEND JOEY
HIS FREEDOM BACK!
RIGHT--IF YOU WIN. IF.
I'M COUNTING
ON YOU, BUDDY.
IF THERE'S ANYONE
THAT CAN BEAT
THIS GUY DEVLIN,
IT'S YOU!
NO TALKING! BAD DOG!
[GROANS]
WE'RE WITH YOU, YUGI!
YEAH!
ALL THE WAY, BUDDY!
LONG LIVE
THE KING OF GAMES!
[THINKING]
HUH! HIS REIGN IS OVER!
TODAY, THIS CHEAT
IS GOING DOWN!
RRR. GO, D DICE ROL!
THE 3 CRESTS!
NONE OF THEM MATCH!
HEH, YEAH, 'CAUSE
THE LEVEL OF DICE YOU THREW
WERE WAY TOO HIGH.
SORRY. DIDN'T I MENTION
THAT DIFFERENT DICE
HAD DIFFERENT LEVELS?
RRR.
THIS IS HOW IT WORKS:
THERE ARE 6 TYPES OF CRESTS
ON THE SURFACES OF THESE DICE.
SUMMON, MOVEMENT,
MAGIC, ATTACK,
DEFENSE, AND TRAP CRESTS.
HOW OFTEN
EACH OF THESE CRESTS
APPEARS ON A DICE
DEPENDS
ON THAT DICE'S LEVEL.
THE LEVEL 2 DICE
THAT I JUST USED
HAVE 3 SUMMON CRESTS
ON EACH,
SO IT WAS EASY FOR ME
TO ROLL 2 OF 'EM.
BUT THE EASIER A MONSTER
IS TO SUMMON,
THE WEAKER HE IS.
OK, NOW LOOK CAREFULLY
AT YOUR DICE, YUGI.
THEY EACH HAVE
ONLY ONE SUMMON CREST.
RIGHT, AND THAT MAKES IT
MUCH MORE DIFFICULT
FOR YOU TO ROLL
A PAIR OF THEM.
OF COURSE, HAD YOU,
IT'D HAVE BEEN
A VERY STRONG MONSTER.
STILL, I'M OF THE OPINION
THAT IN THE EARLY STAGES
OF THE GAME,
IT'S BETTER TO GO
FOR A LOW-LEVEL SURE THING.
AFTER ALL, THE ODDS
OF SUMMONING A MONSTER
WITH HIGH-LEVEL DICE
ARE SLIM-TO-NONE.
OHH.
[THINKING]
OH, NO.
ALMOST ALL
THE DICE I PICKED
WERE HIGH-LEVEL.
SORRY, YUGI,
BUT IF ALL YOU HAVE
ARE HIGH-LEVEL DICE
AT YOUR DISPOSAL,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
A REAL HARD TIME
SUMMONING ANY MONSTERS.
[THINKING]
OH, I CAN'T
BELIEVE THIS.
THE GAME JUST STARTED
AND I'M ALREADY
AT A HUGE DISADVANTAGE!
HEY, THIS
AIN'T FAIR, DUKE!
YOU SHOULD'VE
TOLD YUGI
ALL THE RULES
BEFORE THE GAME
STARTED!
THIS DIFFERENT
DICE LEVEL STUFF
CHANGES EVERYTHING.
YOU SHOULD
START THE GAME FRESH!
IF IT WERE
SOMEONE ELSE, MAYBE,
BUT NOT THE KING OF GAMES.
HE'LL BE OK.
[BEEP]
HMM.
GO, DICE ROLL!
YES! ANOTHER 2
SUMMONING CRESTS.
MY DUNGEON PATH'LL EXTEND,
AND NOW I'LL HAVE
2 MONSTERS ON THE FIELD!
DIMENSION THE DICE
AND UNLOCK YARANZO!
[THINKING]
HIS DUNGEON PATH
IS GETTING
CLOSER AND CLOSER
TO MY HEART POINTS,
AND I'M NOT EVEN
ON THE BOARD YET!
I'M COMING
FOR YOU, YUGI,
AND SINCE I JUST ROLLED
A MOVEMENT CREST, TOO,
I CAN USE IT
TO ADVANCE MY MONSTER
EVEN FURTHER ALONG
THE DUNGEON PATHWAY.
OH, F.Y.I,
IF YOU DON'T WANT TO USE
A CREST YOU ROLLED,
YOU CAN SAVE THEM FOR LATER
IN YOUR CREST POOL.
NOW GO AHEAD.
IT'S YOUR TURN.
HMM. GO, DICE ROLL!
[THINKING]
STILL NO MATCHING
CRESTS!
HA HA!
NOTHING AGAIN, HUH?
MAYBE YOU OUGHT TO TRY
BLOWING ON THEM FOR GOOD LUCK.
MY TURN NOW.
GO, DICE ROLL!
HMM. WELL, WOULD YOU
LOOK AT THAT?
IT'S ANOTHER SUMMONING!
AND LOOK
AT THE SURPRISE INSIDE:
GATOR DRAGON!
AND I'LL USE THE MOVEMENT CREST
I ROLLED TO ADVANCE HIM!
MY ROLL NOW.
[THINKING]
AT LAST!
2 SUMMONING CRESTS!
I CAN PLAY
A MONSTER.
[LAUGHING]
NO, YOU CAN'T.
YOU ROLLED
2 SUMMONING CRESTS,
BUT THEIR LEVELS
AREN'T THE SAME.
IT DOESN'T COUNT.
I THOUGHT--
IT'S MY TURN
AGAIN.
OOH! LEVEL 4 DICE!
THEY WERE TOO HOT
FOR YOU TO HANDLE,
BUT LET'S SEE
HOW I CAN DO.
GO, DICE ROLL!
AH HO HO HO HO!
OH, WHAT CAN I SAY?
I GUESS LADY LUCK
HAS GOT THE HOTS
FOR OLD DUKE DEVLIN,
LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.
I MEAN, WHAT IS THAT,
4 SUMMONINGS IN A ROW?
[THINKING]
HUH? A CHEST?
THIS IS AN ITEM SUMMONING,
YUGI,
BUT MORE ON THAT
A BIT LATER.
NOW ROLL!
[THINKING]
OHH! NO. ANOTHER MISS!
YOU KNOW, MAYBE WE SHOULD
CHANGE YOUR TITLE
FROM THE KING OF GAMES
TO THE KING OF LAME.
I MEAN, AT THIS RATE,
I'LL HAVE YOU BEAT
EVEN BEFORE BEFORE
YOU'RE ON THE BOARD.
I KNEW THAT YOU WEREN'T
THE REAL DEAL, YUGI.
GO, DICE ROLL!
YES! ANOTHER SUMMONING.
NOW I'LL HAVE A MONSTER
RIGHT BY YOUR HEART POINTS.
DIMENSION THE DICE!
CHECK IT OUT.
THE THIRTEENTH GRAVE!
AH HA HA
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
THAT THIRTEENTH GRAVE
IS JUST 3 SQUARES AWAY
FROM BEING ABLE
TO ATTACK ME!
I HAVE
TO SUMMON A MONSTER
AND TAKE HIM OUT!
OTHERWISE, I'LL LOSE
A HEART POINT FOR SURE.
COME ON! LET'S GO!
OUR AUDIENCE IS WAITING.
[THINKING]
AND SOON,
THEY'RE GONNA SEE YOU
FOR WHAT YOU REALLY ARE:
A LOSER, WHO COULD HAVE
NEVER TRULY BEATEN PEGASUS.
[THINKING]
THIS IS IT.
NO MATTER HOW HIGH
THE ODDS ARE STACKED
AGAINST ME,
I HAVE TO BELIEVE
IT'S POSSIBLE TO ROLL
2 SUMMON CRESTS HERE--
THE SAME WAY I BELIEVED
IN THE HEART OF THE CARDS!
GO, DICE ROLL!
[THINKING]
HA! NOT A SUMMON CREST.
I GOT ONE!
NOW IF ONLY...
THERE! I ROLLED
2 LEVEL 4 SUMMON CRESTS.
RRR!
NOW I CAN FINALLY
SUMMON A MONSTER
AND DEFEND
MY HEART POINTS!
DIMENSION THE DICE!
THE MIGHTY MAGE.
AND NEXT, I'LL ACCESS
MY CREST POOL DICE!
AND USE A MOVEMENT CREST
TO MOVE MY MAGE
ONE SPACE FORWARD,
SO HE CAN LAUNCH
AN ATTACK AGAINST
THE THIRTEENTH GRAVE!
LIGHTNING STAFF!
YA HA HA HA HA!
ALL RIGHT!
IN YOUR FACE!
YES!
Girls: BOO!
Yugi: KNOWING THIS GAME
AND ALL OF ITS RULES
MAY HAVE GIVEN YOU
THE ADVANTAGE
IN ASSEMBLING YOUR
CREATURES AGAINST ME,
BUT NOW I HAVE
A MONSTER OF MY OWN.
DID YOU SEE
YUGI'S LAST MOVE?
[ALL GASP]
INCREDIBLE!
HE BUSTED OUT
THAT LEVEL 4 MONSTER
LIKE HE'S PLAYED
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS
FOR YEARS.
YUG! KEEP IT UP,
BUDDY.
YOU'RE REALLY
DOIN' GREAT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK, TEA,
IS YUGI IN THE CLEAR NOW?
NO, I DON'T THINK SO.
DUKE'S DUNGEON PATH
IS WAY MORE WIDESPREAD
THAN YUGI'S,
AND HE'S STILL
GOT MORE MONSTERS
OUT ON THE BOARD, TOO.
YUGI HAS
A LONG WAY TO GO
TO WIN THIS GAME.
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR
FIRST MONSTER, YUGI.
JUST 4 MORE NOW,
AND YOU'LL HAVE
AS MANY AS I DO.
MY TURN NOW.
GO, DICE ROLL!
WHOOPS, SPOKE TOO SOON.
MAKE THAT 5 MORE.
HMM.
[LAUGHS]
DIMENSION THE DICE!
I'VE UNLOCKED
THE BLAST LIZARD!
BUT DON'T BE FOOLED
BY HIS LOW-LEVEL STATUS, YUGI.
WHEN PLAYED IN JUST
THE RIGHT WAY,
BLAST LIZARD
HAS A SPECIAL ATTACK
THAT PACKS
A SURPRISING PUNCH.
[THINKING]
SPECIAL ATTACK?
SOUNDS LIKE
ANOTHER RULE
THAT DUKE
CONVENIENTLY
FORGOT TO MENTION.
I'LL HAVE
TO BE ON MY GUARD.
MY ROLL NOW.
[THINKING]
OH, COOL! SOME
LOW-LEVEL DICE.
I KNEW
I HAD AT LEAST
A FEW OF THESE.
IT SHOULD BE EASIER
TO SUMMON NOW.
GO DICE ROLL!
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT!
2 CRESTS!
DIMENSION THE DICE!
THE WINGED DRAGON,
GUARDIAN
OF THE FORTRESS!
NOW YOU HAVE
2 MONSTERS OF MINE
TO CONTEND WITH,
DEVLIN!
HMM. NOT FOR LONG, YUGI.
IT'S MY TURN.
GO, DICE ROLL!
YOU FAILED
TO SUMMON ANYTHING.
HMM. WHOEVER SAID
I WAS TRYING TO SUMMON
A MONSTER ON THIS ROLL?
[GASPS]
WHAT?
BOY, ARE YOU DENSE.
REMEMBER WHAT I SAID
ABOUT PLAYING MY BLAST LIZARD
IN JUST THE RIGHT WAY?
SO THEN, YOU WERE ROLLING
FOR HIS SPECIAL ATTACK?
THAT'S KINDA RIGHT, YUGI.
THE BLAST LIZARD'S
SPECIAL ATTACK
REQUIRES 4 MAGIC CRESTS.
I ALREADY HAD
2 IN MY CREST POOL,
SO I NEEDED TO ROLL
2 MORE, WHICH I DID.
SO NOW I'LL USE
A MOVEMENT CREST
TO POSITION
MY BLAST LIZARD,
AND NEXT,
USE MY 4 MAGIC CRESTS
TO HAVE HIM ATTACK YOU.
[ROARS]
AAH! UNH.
THAT'S TOO BAD.
YOU WORKED SO HARD
TO SUMMON THAT
WINGED DRAGON, TOO.
Girls: YAY!
WE LOVE YOU,
DUKEY-POO!
DON'T GIVE UP.
YOU CAN BEAT HIM,
YUGI.
IT'S MY TURN.
GO, DICE ROLL!
NOT ONE SUMMONING
CREST DIE.
IT'S MY TURN.
GO, DICE ROLL!
LOOK, ANOTHER SUMMONING,
AND WITH LEVEL 3 DICE
AS WELL.
DIMENSION THE DICE!
DARK ASSAILANT!
[GROWLS]
AND NOW, I'LL DIP INTO
MY CREST POOL AGAIN
AND CLOSE IN ON
YOUR HEART POINTS.
BY USING 2 MOVEMENT CRESTS,
I PUT BLAST LIZARD
AND GATOR DRAGON
WITHIN STRIKING DISTANCE
OF YOUR HEARTS.
[GASPS]
GO AHEAD, TAKE YOUR TURN.
NOTHING YOU ROLL
IS GOING TO HELP YOU
GET OUT OF THIS MESS.
[LAUGHS]
I MEAN, I DON'T EVEN THINK
THAT I'D BE ABLE TO FIND
A WAY TO PULL IT OFF,
AND I'M THE ONE
WHO INVENTED THE GAME.
YOU'RE ITS INVENTOR?
I KNEW YOU WERE
ITS CHAMPION, BUT--
I'M BOTH, AND EVERYONE
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
SHOULD KNOW IT!
WHAT?
I SHOULD BE KNOWN
AS THE SECOND GREATEST
GAME CREATOR
IN ALL OF THE WORLD
BY NOW, YUGI!
BUT I'M NOT, AND IT'S ALL
BECAUSE OF YOUR CHEATING WAYS!
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
YOU COULD HAVE BEATEN
A GREAT MAN
LIKE PEGASUS!
HE HAS TWICE THE SKILLS
YOU HAVE!
YOU RUINED MY LIFE
ON THAT DAY, YUGI.
THE DEFEAT THAT
YOU HANDED PEGASUS
CHANGED EVERYTHING FOR ME.
BUT HOW?
Devlin: I DEDICATED MY LIFE
TO CREATING
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS.
I SPENT
ALL OF MY FREE TIME
PERFECTING ITS GAME PLAY
AND FINE TUNING ITS RULES,
AND WHEN I WAS FINISHED,
IT WAS CLEAR
THAT I HAD CREATED SOMETHING
TRULY REMARKABLE.
I DECIDED I HAD TO SEND IT
TO THE ONLY MAN
WHO COULD POSSIBLY
APPRECIATE IT--PEGASUS.
A COUPLE OF DAYS PASSED.
I DIDN'T HEAR ANYTHING
FROM THAT GREAT GAME MASTER
UNTIL I GOT
THIS CRAZY E-MAIL.
HE SAID
HE'D READ MY PROPOSAL.
I COULDN'T
BELIEVE MY EYES.
E-MAIL FOR DEVLIN BOY.
HE SAID HE WANTED
TO FLY ME OUT
ON HIS PERSONAL
HELICOPTER
SO THAT WE COULD
DISCUSS THE GAME IN PERSON.
YEAH!
THE VERY NEXT DAY,
I WAS BROUGHT
TO PEGASUS' ISLAND:
DUELIST KINGDOM.
I COULD HARDLY
BELIEVE IT!
ALL MY HARD WORK
WAS PAYING OFF!
I WAS GONNA MEET MY IDOL:
MAXIMILLION PEGASUS!
WHEN WE MET, PEGASUS
IMMEDIATELY CHALLENGED ME
TO A GAME OF
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS.
I EXPECTED HIM
TO BE GOOD,
BUT HE WAS
PHENOMENAL.
IT WAS HIS FIRST TIME
PLAYING THE GAME,
AND HE COMPLETELY
OVERPOWERED ME...
ME, THE GUY
WHO CREATED IT.
I WAS AMAZED
WITH HIS SKILLS.
OH.
LOOKS LIKE I WIN.
WHOA, YOU'RE GOOD.
WELL, DEVLIN BOY,
I MUST SAY THIS
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS GAME
IS REALLY SOMETHING.
I THOROUGHLY ENJOYED IT.
AND TOGETHER,
WE'LL SEE TO IT
THAT THE WHOLE WORLD
DOES AS WELL. PARTNERS?
OH, I'D BE HONORED,
MR. PEGASUS.
Devlin: AND WITH THAT,
THE DEAL WAS SEALED.
HE TOLD ME WE'D DRAW UP
THE OFFICIAL CONTRACT
AFTER HE'D FINISHED
HOSTING A DUELING TOURNAMENT
THAT WAS ABOUT TO TAKE PLACE
ON HIS ISLAND--
THE TOURNAMENT THAT YOU
WERE HEADED TO, YUGI--
AND EVER SINCE
YOU BEAT HIM THERE,
I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE
TO CONTACT HIM AT ALL.
EVERYTHING THAT I WORKED FOR
WAS SHATTERED THAT DAY,
AND IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT KIND OF MAN
PEGASUS WAS AT ALL!
HE WAS A GREAT MAN
UNTIL YOU CAME ALONG
AND BROKE HIS SPIRIT
WITH YOUR DIRTY CHEATING WAYS!
AND NOW I'LL GET MY REVENGE
BY BREAKING YOU!
[GASPS]
NOW, YUGI, I'LL EXPOSE YOU
FOR WHAT YOU REALLY ARE--
A GOOD-FOR-NOTHING CHEATER!
I'VE NEVER CHEATED
AT ANYTHING
IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!
PLEASE. YOU EXPECT ME
TO BELIEVE
THAT SOMEONE LIKE YOU
COULD DEFEAT
A GREAT GAME MASTER
LIKE MAXIMILLION PEGASUS?
YOU CAN'T EVEN HOLD YOUR OWN
IN DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS!
JUST LISTEN TO ME, DEVLIN!
NEVER!
YOUR HERO WORSHIP
OF PEGASUS
HAS COMPLETELY
BLINDED YOU
TO THE TRUTH!
NO, I CAN SEE PERFECTLY,
AND I SEE A CHEATER
WHO'S ABOUT TO BE RETIRED
FROM DUEL MONSTERS FOREVER!
NOW ROLL, YOU FRAUD!
I WILL ROLL,
AND I WILL DEFEAT YOU!
THERE! I ROLLED
2 LEVEL 3 SUMMON CRESTS!
THAT'S ANOTHER MONSTER
FOR ME.
DIMENSION THE DICE...
AND UNLOCK THUNDER BALL!
Devlin: HA! THUNDER BALL.
THUNDER BALL MAY BE
A THIRD-LEVEL MONSTER,
BUT HIS STATS
REALLY AREN'T THAT STRONG.
I'M AFRAID
HE'S NOT GOING TO BE
A LOT OF HELP
TO YOU.
[THINKING]
UNLESS, THAT IS,
YUGI USES THUNDER BALL'S
SPECIAL ATTACK.
TOO BAD
HE DOESN'T KNOW HOW.
MY TURN NOW.
GO, DICE ROLL!
YES! ONE ATTACK
AND 2 MOVEMENT CRESTS!
I'LL ADVANCE
MY BLAST LIZARD
AND GATOR DRAGON
INTO ATTACK POSITION.
LOOK OUT, YUG!
THAT GATOR DRAGON'S
FINALLY REACHED YUGI!
YUG'S HEART POINTS,
THEY'RE IN RANGE!
[ROARS]
Devlin:
THAT'S RIGHT, YUGI.
MY GATOR DRAGON IS POISED
TO TAKE YOUR HEART.
OH. AH.
AND NOW, GATOR DRAGON,
ATTACK HIM...
WITH SWAMP FIRE BLAST!
UNH!
Téa: OH, NO.
HE WIPED OUT
YUGI'S HEART POINT
JUST LIKE THAT.
Girls: WE LOVE DUKE!
HE'S SO CUTE!
WHEN HE SMILES, HE--
STOP!
WOULD YOU ALL SHUT UP?
MY FRIEND'S
IN REAL TROUBLE HERE!
HMM?
Girls:
I'LL SHOW YOU TROUBLE!
SOMEONE HELP ME!
HA HA HA HA!
NOW YOU ONLY HAVE
2 HEART POINTS, YUGI!
BUT NOT FOR LONG.
'CAUSE MY MONSTERS
ARE ALREADY LINED UP
AND READY
TO TAKE THEM OUT
IN THE NEXT ROUND.
THIS IS BAD.
Devlin: THE WHOLE WORLD'S
ABOUT TO SEE YOU LOSE, YUGI.
THEN YOU'LL BE FORCED
TO RETIRE FROM DUEL MONSTERS
IN SHAME.
PEGASUS WILL BE AVENGED,
AND YOU'LL BE EXPOSED
AS THIS SHAM THAT YOU ARE.
[LAUGHING]
[THINKING]
COME ON, YUGI.
WHAT CAN I DO?
DUKE'S GOT MORE MONSTERS,
MORE DUNGEON PATH,
AND MORE HEART POINTS THAN ME.
AND HE'S IN A POSITION
TO ATTACK AGAIN.
[LAUGHING]
HOW CAN I POSSIBLY WIN?
HOW CAN I BEAT DUKE
AT HIS OWN GAME?